Welcome back in this exercise you'll get to practice working with SVGA elements by trying to draw some
flags here you can see images for the flags of different countries around the world.
Pick four of these flags and try to draw them on your own with SPG.
It's up to you how much of a challenge you want to give yourself.
Clearly drawing the flag of a country like Cambodia will be more challenging than drawing the flag of
a country like France.
I'd start simple and pick a couple of flags you think will be relatively straightforward.
Along with a couple that will be more of a challenge.
You should also push yourself to try to use the path element for at least one of these flags.
Since we'll be seeing this element quite frequently when we get to more complex visualizations with
the if you'd like more direction.
Here are four flags that I built in that you can try to recreate.
I picked the Bahamas Jamaica Macedonia and South Korea.
Good luck drawing some of these flags.
Remember there are multiple ways to draw any one of them depending on which SPG elements you'd like
to use in the next video.
I'll show you my solutions.
I'll see there.